Ahahaha
You broke the world record
That's right, Wenwen broke the world record
Lin Jianguo, you are still talking nonsense here
Lao Tzu is a hero and a hero
Lao Tzu is a bear and a waste
Just a trash like you
What good seedlings can be cultivated?
And the face to pretend to be cool here
I tell you the truth
Lin Yaozu is my younger brother, do you know?
Just your confidence
I already knew it clearly
Don't make me angry here
How are you? You mother and son are really
It's not that the whole family doesn't enter the door.
The same ignorance
self-righteous
I think I'm right
You are full of nonsense
You for a while
Say this 200 million order because you have it
After a while, he said that this new-style conference is because of you
Yes, you are just talking
disgusting
How could I have a daughter like you?
You are the biggest stain on my life
Giving birth to me was the greatest blessing of your life
I remember this sentence
I hope you don't regret it in your life.
Ah!
Check my loan and pay it back to me
What else
What will I pay you back, you thief?
So watch this.
This is the barbell that Mr. Yang specially customized for us.
Necklaces to encourage us to prepare for the Olympics
value daughter
Extravagant
He can't have it